GH-47686: [Docs][Python] Split the Python Parquet docs into separate items (#50419)
apache/arrow: docs/source/python/parquet/parquet_encryption.rst

some inner fields are encrypted with the same key identified by ``column_key_id``:

.. code-block:: python

   >>> schema = pa.schema([
   ...   ("MapColumn", pa.map_(pa.string(), pa.int32())),
   ...   ("StructColumn", pa.struct([("f1", pa.int32()), ("f2", pa.string())])),
   ... ])

   >>> encryption_config = pe.EncryptionConfiguration(
   ...    footer_key="footer_key_name",
   ...    column_keys={
   ...       "column_key_id": [ "MapColumn.key_value.value", "StructColumn.f1" ],
   ...    },
   ... )

Decryption configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:class:`pyarrow.parquet.encryption.DecryptionConfiguration` (used when creating
file decryption properties) is optional and it includes the following options:

* ``cache_lifetime``, the lifetime of cached entities (key encryption keys, local
  wrapping keys, KMS client objects) represented as a ``datetime.timedelta``.

External key material and key rotation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When ``internal_key_material=False`` is set on ``EncryptionConfiguration``,
key material is stored in a separate file next to the Parquet file instead of
in its footer.

Storing key material externally is what enables key rotation:

> ``crypto_factory.rotate_master_keys()`` re-wraps the data encryption keys of

Reviewer: This should be a cross-reference to the method documentation:
```suggestion
:meth:`~pyarrow.parquet.encryption.CryptoFactory.rotate_master_keys` re-wraps the data encryption keys of
```

a file that uses external key material under new master keys, without rewriting

> the file itself:

Reviewer: I think this could be clarified a bit:
```suggestion
a file that uses external key material using new master keys and overwrites the external
key material file, without changing the Parquet file itself:
```
